README.md, before:

Kotlin playground :fire:
============
Welcome to koltin playground where we intent to learn more about kotlin by solving challenges.

### Challenges
Challenges solved in this repo are found in [Hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com)

## Checklist
Here is the list of challenges to solve. Solved challenges are checked.

- [ ] Algorithms
  - [ ] Implementation
    - [ ] Easy
        - [x] Challenge: [Electronics Shop](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/electronics-shop/problem)
                     | Solution: [(ElectronicsShop.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/implementation/easy/ElectronicsShop.kt)
    - [ ] Medium
        - [ ] Challenge: [Forming a Magic Square](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/magic-square-forming/problem)
                                     | Solution: [(FormingAMagicSquare.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/implementation/medium/FormingAMagicSquare.kt)
    - [ ] Hard
        - [ ] Challenge: [Matrix Layer Rotation](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/matrix-rotation-algo/problem)
                             | Solution: [(MatrixLayerRotation.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/implementation/hard/MatrixLayerRotation.kt)
  - [ ] Plus Minus
  - [x] Challenge: [Equalize The Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/equality-in-a-array/problem)
       | Solution: [(EqalizeTheArray.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/EqualizeTheArray.kt)
- [ ] Data Structures
  - [ ] Left Rotation
- [ ] Interview Preparations Kit
  - [ ] Arrays
    - [ ] 2D Array DS
    - [ ] Left Rotation
    - [ ] New Year Chaos
    - [x] Minimum Swaps 2 
      | Challenge: [Minimum Swaps 2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-swaps-2/problem)
      | Solution: [MinimumSwaps2.kt](https://github.com/acolistro/HackrrankKotlinSolutions/blob/main/src/interview_preparation_kit/arrays/MinimumSwaps2.kt)
    - [ ] Array Manipulation
  - [ ] Dictionaries and Hashmaps
  - [ ] Dynamic Programming
  - [ ] Graphs
  - [ ] Greedy Algorithms
  - [ ] Linked Lists
  - [ ] Miscellaneous
  - [ ] Recursion and Backtracking
  - [ ] Search
  - [ ] Sorting
    - [ ] Mark and Toys
    - [ ] Comparator
    - [ ] Merge Sort: Counting Inversions
  - [ ] Stack and Queues
  - [ ] String Manipulation
  - [ ] Trees
  - [ ] Warm-up Challenges
- [ ] Mathematics
  - [ ] Maximum Draws
- [ ] Problem Solving
  - [ ] Plus Minus

### Issues
Please report bugs using the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/issues)

### Contributing
Feel free to contribute in any way you can. Be sure to check the challenge you solved in the list above. 
- [ ] unsolved
- [x] solved

## Built With :heart:
- Kotlin

### Original template copied from https://github.com/Aroniez

Commit message:

Update readme and other edits for array manipulation in progress solution

README.md, after:

Kotlin playground :fire:
============
Welcome to koltin playground where we intend to learn more about kotlin by solving challenges.

### Challenges
Challenges solved in this repo are found in [Hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com)

## Checklist
Here is the list of challenges to solve. Solved challenges are checked.

- [ ] Algorithms
  - [ ] Implementation
    - [ ] Easy
        - [x] Challenge: [Electronics Shop](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/electronics-shop/problem)
                     | Solution: [(ElectronicsShop.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/implementation/easy/ElectronicsShop.kt)
    - [ ] Medium
        - [ ] Challenge: [Forming a Magic Square](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/magic-square-forming/problem)
                                     | Solution: [(FormingAMagicSquare.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/implementation/medium/FormingAMagicSquare.kt)
    - [ ] Hard
        - [ ] Challenge: [Matrix Layer Rotation](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/matrix-rotation-algo/problem)
                             | Solution: [(MatrixLayerRotation.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/implementation/hard/MatrixLayerRotation.kt)
  - [ ] Plus Minus
  - [x] Challenge: [Equalize The Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/equality-in-a-array/problem)
       | Solution: [(EqualizeTheArray.kt)](https://github.com/Aroniez/hackerrank-kotlin-solutions/blob/master/src/algorithms/EqualizeTheArray.kt)
- [ ] Data Structures
  - [ ] Left Rotation
- [ ] Interview Preparations Kit
  - [ ] Arrays
    - [ ] 2D Array DS
    - [ ] Left Rotation
    - [ ] New Year Chaos
    - [x] Minimum Swaps 2 
      | Challenge: [Minimum Swaps 2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-swaps-2/problem)
      | Solution: [MinimumSwaps2.kt](https://github.com/acolistro/HackrrankKotlinSolutions/blob/main/src/interview_preparation_kit/arrays/MinimumSwaps2.kt)
    - [ ] Array Manipulation
      | Challenge: [Array Manipulation](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/crush/problem)
      | In Progress: [ArrayManipulation.kt](https://github.com/acolistro/HackrrankKotlinSolutions/blob/main/src/interview_preparation_kit/arrays/ArrayManipulation.kt)
  - [ ] Dictionaries and Hashmaps
  - [ ] Dynamic Programming
  - [ ] Graphs
  - [ ] Greedy Algorithms
  - [ ] Linked Lists
  - [ ] Miscellaneous
  - [ ] Recursion and Backtracking
  - [ ] Search
  - [ ] Sorting
    - [ ] Mark and Toys
    - [ ] Comparator
    - [ ] Merge Sort: Counting Inversions
  - [ ] Stack and Queues
  - [ ] String Manipulation
  - [ ] Trees
  - [ ] Warm-up Challenges
- [ ] Mathematics
  - [ ] Maximum Draws
- [ ] Problem Solving
  - [ ] Plus Minus

### Issues
Please report bugs using the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/acolistro/HackrrankKotlinSolutions/issues)

### Contributing
Feel free to contribute in any way you can. Be sure to check the challenge you solved in the list above. 
- [ ] unsolved
- [x] solved

## Built With :heart:
- Kotlin

### Original template copied from https://github.com/Aroniez
